Check #38 Rules

#39 Rules

More detail

Blue panels: Qualifying Pokémon: #03

Enter with six Pokémon

Choose three out of six Pokémon

Pokémon level from 50 to 55

Maximum three-Pokémon level total 155

No two Pokémon asleep or frozen

MEW can't attend

Get a CONTINUE for a perfect match

Blue Panels (Qualifying Pokémon): 149

Time restrictions applied

Time limits may be altered

Maximum level 30

Blue Panels (Qualifying Pokémon): 33

Maximum level 50

No national tournament Pokémon

Blue Panels (Qualifying Pokémon): 126

Levels 25 to 30

Maximum three-Pokémon level total 80

Max. HT 6' 8'' and max. WT 44 lbs.

Un-evolved Pokémon only

Blue Panels (Qualifying Pokémon): 45

No level restrictions

Open to all Pokémon

Levels 15 to 20

Maximum three-Pokémon level total 50

Blue Panels (Qualifying Pokémon): 101

Opponents' Pokémon levels

One to four players may compete

Enter the desired number of Pokémon

MEWTWO is the only opponent

No SELFDESTRUCT move with last Pokémon

Tag team battle

Choose six Pokémon before going to battle.
You may not choose more than one of a certain kind of
Pokémon.

Out of the six Pokémon chosen, choose the three that are
to be used in battle.
Try to choose the three battle Pokémon that have
advantages over the likely opponents.

Pokémon of levels 50 to 55 may be used.
If you don't have six Pokémon, you may add Rental Pokémon.

The combined levels of the three battle Pokémon may not
exceed 155.

If one Pokémon falls asleep, none of the others can be put
to sleep by an opponent. The same goes for freezing. It is
possible to have one Pokémon asleep and another frozen.

MEW may be used only for the GYM LEADER CASTLE,
PRIME CUP and FREE BATTLE.

You earn a CONTINUE for every battle won without a
fainted Pokémon. If you have a CONTINUE, you may try again
after losing a battle.

Maximum Battle Time of 15 minutes and maximum Move
Selection Time of 30 seconds.
If the battle ends in a tie, you lose.

Under the EVENT BATTLE Settings in the Menu, the Battle
Time and Move Selection Time may be altered.
Time restrictions may be turned off.

Pokémon up to level 30 may be used.
All the Pokémon may be level 30.
If you don't have six Pokémon, you may add Rental Pokémon.

Pokémon up to level 50 may be used.
All the Pokémon may be level 50.
If you don't have six Pokémon, you may add Rental Pokémon.

!no use!

Pokémon of levels 25 to 30 may be used.
If you don't have six Pokémon, you may add Rental Pokémon.

The combined levels of the three battle Pokémon may not
exceed 80.

The height of Pokémon may not exceed 6' 8''.
Likewise, the maximum allowable weight is 44 lbs.

Only un-evolved Pokémon may be used.

Any Pokémon up to level 100 may be used.

All 151 Pokémon may enter.

Almost all Pokémon between levels 15 and 20 may be used.
If you don't have six Pokémon, you may add Rental Pokémon.

The combined levels of the three battle Pokémon may not
exceed 50.

The GYM LEADERs and their underlings will use level 50
Pokémon. However, if you use any Pokémon over level 50,
their Pokémon will be of the same level as your highest level
Pokémon.

Each player must have a Controller.
Players may form two teams. The COM may also play.
The COM players are available in three skill levels.

One to six Pokémon may be used. Once you have entered the
desired number of Pokémon, press START.
All entered Pokémon must go into battle.
You may not choose more than one of a certain Pokémon.

Defeat MEWTWO, said to be the toughest of all Pokémon.
Its level is 100.
Are your Pokémon up to the challenge?

Pokémon of levels 50 to 55 may be used.

Pokémon up to level 30 may be used.
All the Pokémon may be level 30.

Pokémon up to level 50 may be used.
All the Pokémon may be level 50.

Pokémon of levels 25 to 30 may be used.

Almost all Pokémon between levels 15 and 20 may be used.

One to six Pokémon may be used. Once you have entered the
desired number of Pokémon, press START.
All entered Pokémon must go into battle.

If your last remaining Pokémon uses SELFDESTRUCT or
EXPLOSION, you lose, even if the opponent's last Pokémon
faints.

Any Pokémon up to level 100 may be used.
The opposing trainers will all use level 100 Pokémon.

If one Pokémon falls asleep, none of the others can be put
to sleep by an opponent. The same goes for freezing. It is
possible to have one Pokémon asleep and another frozen.

Under ANYTHING GOES rules, tag matches may be played
with two players per side.
Each team player enters six Pokémon, then chooses three
battle Pokémon from them.
Team players may control only their own Pokémon.

FREE BATTLE

POKéMON STADIUM

GYM LEADER CASTLE

VS MEWTWO

EVENT BATTLE

ANYTHING GOES

POKé CUP

POKé CUP

POKé CUP

PETIT CUP

PIKA CUP

PRIME CUP
