The bulb-like pouch on its back grows larger
as it ages.
The pouch is filled with numerous seeds.

The bud on its back apparently draws energy
from its body. The bud is said to open into a 
large flower when fully grown.

Absorbs solar energy as nutrition. When it
is catching the sun's rays, it often remains
quiet and still.

Even the newborns have flaming tails.
Unfamiliar with fire, babies are said to
accidentally burn themselves.

It appears to be very vicious.
It attacks with razor-sharp claws and won't
stop until the enemy is defeated.

Its fiery breath reaches incredible
temperatures. It can quickly melt 
glaciers weighing 10,000 tons.

It takes time for the shell to form and
harden after hatching.
It sprays foam powerfully from its mouth.

The tail is covered with a rich fur.
It stores air in the fur before taking
extended dives underwater.

It has spouts extending from its shell at the
top. They spray water like cannons, hard
enough to pierce concrete walls.

It has large, eye-like patterns on its head
as protection.
They are used to frighten off enemies.

When it hardens, only the external
shell is transformed.
The inside remains tender.

Its wings are covered with poisonous dust.
If you see one flapping its wings, be careful
not to inhale any of the dust.

A common sight in forests and grassy areas.
Has a poison stinger on its head that may be
used if you step on it.

Because it is virtually motionless, it may
appear dead.
Inside, however, a new body is being made.

Flies at high speeds and attacks with three
stingers: one on its rear and one on each of
its two forelegs. May appear in swarms.

If at all possible, it will try to avoid battles.
Small or weak enemies are blown away by
WHIRLWIND.

It builds its nest in the center of its large
territory. It uses its powerfully-developed
talons to swiftly snatch prey.

Capable of flying incredibly quickly.
In full flight, by the time its flapping is
heard, it is long gone.

Scurries around quickly, searching for hard
objects to gnaw. It appears to be jittery
and unable to remain still.

If attacked, it stands up on its hind legs,
bares its fangs and shrieks in an intimidating
manner at its enemy.

Its wings are short, so it can't fly a long
distance. If it's not eating, it darts around 
in a hurry.

A Pokémon that enjoys flying. It uses its
broad wings to adroitly catch the wind to
soar elegantly into the sky.

Slithers silently through grass,
searching for its favorite food--PIDGEY
and SPEAROW eggs.

If it encounters an enemy, it raises its
head, intimidating the opponent with the
frightening pattern on its body.

Lives in forests away from people. It stores
electricity in its cheeks for zapping an
enemy if it is attacked.

Its electrical attacks may reach 10,000
volts. It discharges electricity from its
tail, so it is not harmed by its own power.

When hunting, it hides at the lip of its
burrow. If prey comes close, it lunges out
and drags in the prey instantly.

Curls into a ball of sharp spikes and rolls
into enemies. It is also adept at slashing 
with its sharp claws.

Although small, it should be treated with
caution because of its highly toxic thorns.
The female has a small horn.

The female is usually docile.
However, if it becomes enraged, it will attack
wildly with bites and scratches.

Its super-hard, needle-like scales stand up
when excited. It uses its hefty bulk for 
performing powerful moves.

Its large ears sense danger. It extends its
toxic spikes when angry. The size of its body
thorns indicates its toxicity.

Its horn is harder than diamond.
If it punctures an enemy, it pumps powerful
venom into the wound.

Has a rock-hard hide that is worn like armor.
The long horn on its head is sharp and highly
venomous.

Because of its adorable nature, it is in high
demand as a pet. However, it is rare and 
found only in limited areas.

Its ears are very sensitive, so it does not
like loud noises or busy places.
Will not come out in front of people.

A single, white-colored tail splits into six
beautiful tails.
As it grows older, it grows even more tails.

It is extremely vindictive.
It is said to lay a 1,000-year long curse if
its tail is pulled as a joke.

It mesmerizes with its large, round eyes and
sings a soothing melody.
Pokémon hearing this song fall asleep.

Its soft and supple skin allows it to expand
like a balloon. If it gets angry, it inhales and
inflates itself steadily.

It has neither eyes nor a nose. It emits
ultrasonic cries that bounce back to its
large ears, enabling it to fly safely.

Bites its prey and feeds on the victim's
energy. Its own blood type changes to that 
of its victim.

Burrows underground in the day, exposing
only its leaves. It is said to scream loudly
if anyone tries to yank it out.

The horrible-smelling pistil of this flower
stinks over a mile away.
Unwittingly inhaled, it can cause fainting.

Scatters allergy-causing pollen from its
broad petals. The larger the petals, the
more pollen is scattered.

Grows by sucking nutrients from the roots
of trees. The mushrooms on its back grow by
drawing extracts from the bug host.

The bug host is controlled by the mushrooms
that scatter poisonous spores. The spores
are sometimes used as medicine in China.

Uses its large, radar-like eyes to move
around in darkness.
It is instinctively attracted to light.

The powder on its wings is poisonous.
It scatters the powder with every flap, so
you may be poisoned if you are downwind.

Its head pokes up approximately eight inches
out of the ground. However, its real size
remains a mystery to this day.

DIGLETT triplets that always travel
together. Known to burrow more than
60 miles underground and trigger quakes.

Sleeps in the daytime.
At night, its eyes glow as it happily collects
coins, its favorite things.

It is highly regarded as a pet for its
beautiful fur. However, it is extremely
temperamental and difficult to keep.

Appears unaware and totally vacant.
However, if its chronic headache worsens,
it starts exhibiting peculiar powers.

Its webbed hands and feet make it a
proficient swimmer. May be seen swimming
elegantly at dusk in places like lakes.

Quick to anger, it will begin brawling on the
slightest provocation.
It is unsafe to approach as it is very nimble.

When enraged, it gives chase endlessly.
Because it is impossible to tell what made it
angry, there is no soothing it.

Friendly and loyal, but also jealously
protective of its territory. Carelessly
approaching it may result in a bite.

A Pokémon whose beauty is legendary in
China. It is said to run gracefully and
lightly, as if it were flying.

The spiral on its belly is its internal organs
seen through its thin skin.
It is better at swimming than walking.

Capable of living on land, but prefers to stay
in water. If it is out of water, it sweats to
keep its skin moist.

A strong swimmer, it is faster than a human
champ in an individual medley. It can go far
and fast with minimal breathing. 

Even while asleep, it can sense enemies
approaching. It TELEPORTs itself to a
distant spot if there is any danger.

When it uses psychic power, all its brain
cells work in unison to generate powerful
alpha waves.

A Pokémon that uses psychic power. It is
highly intelligent and capable of instantly
identifying its foe's weakness.

Its whole body is covered with muscles,
so it can raise bulges anywhere.
It can throw a hundred adults.

Although it is incredibly strong, it is always
modest. It restrains its strength with a
power-save belt.

Among its fighting moves is a simultaneous
volley of an uppercut, hook, straight and
KARATE CHOP from its four arms.

A kind of bug-eating plant that hunts small
insects.
It uses its roots as feet for walking.

Armed with razor-sharp leaves, it uses toxic
pollen to immobilize its enemy and melts the
helpless foe with ACID.

Attracts prey with sweet-smelling honey.
Its prey include bugs, naturally, and even
large animals on occasion.

Fires beams of light from its clear eyes.
Floats around in shallow waters and may
sting unwary anglers.

It has 80 tentacles.
Once they wrap around an enemy, the
tentacles will not release, no matter what.

When traveling uphill, if it encounters a 
raised step, it cleverly hoists itself up and
over using its two arms.

Rolls on steep mountainous trails.
It plows through grass, trees and anything
else that gets in its way.

Its body, which weighs over 660 pounds,
is as hard as stone. It grows bigger by
shedding its skin once a year.

Capable of jumping over the Eiffel Tower in a
single giant leap. Its hooves are ten times
harder than diamonds.

Unable to restrain itself from running after
fast trains or cars. Capable of reaching
150 mph at full speed.

A dopey Pokémon that remains in a daze
except when fishing with its tail.
Awake or asleep, there is little difference.

If its tail is bitten by a SHELLDER,
SLOWPOKE evolves into SLOWBRO.
The SHELLDER seems to like its crunchy tail.

Appears as if out of nowhere.
It floats using anti-gravity and discharges
electricity from two side-mounted units.

Formed by MAGNEMITE that link together
when the number of black spots on the sun
increases. Fires high-voltage power, etc.

Always carries the stalk of an unidentified
plant. The stalk is said to be used for making
a nest or as a weapon.

A Pokémon with two heads. More skilled at
running than flying, it is capable of racing at
speeds over 60 mph.

The three heads express joy, sorrow and
anger as they plan strategy together.
When it sleeps, one head remains awake.

It boasts a thick hide covered with light
blue fur. It plows through ice floes even in
water 40 degrees below 0.

It stores thermal energy inside its pure
white, fur-covered body.
It swims in frigid water at eight knots.

Sludge that was transformed when exposed
to X-rays from the moon. Loves sludge,
industrial waste and other refuse.

Becomes indistinguishable if it hides in dirt.
Touching its sludge-covered body causes
horrible poisonings.

Its shell is harder than diamond.
It hides in sand on the sea floor and catches
prey with its soft tongue.

Its shell is so hard, it can even withstand a
bomb. No one has ever seen what is inside its
shell.

Made of a thin, gas-like substance that
induces fainting if you get enshrouded in it.
Will not appear if it is very windy.

If you trip and fall for no apparent reason
or hear a sound when no one is around, it may
be a HAUNTER.

Appears to attack people who get lost in the
mountains. Said to be the culprit behind
shadows that laugh in the moonlight.

Its large body is over 26 feet long.
Despite its size, it can squirm its way
through the ground at 50 mph.

It puts its enemy to sleep and eats the
victim's dreams. Said to have descended from
the legendary beast, Baku.

If you lock eyes with it, it will try to
hypnotize you. It is best to close your eyes
quickly before you get hypnotized.

Lives on beaches and seashores.
If a pincer falls off, a new, stronger pincer
grows back in its place.

Said to be capable of prying open SHELLDER
and CLOYSTER shells using its
10,000-horsepower pincer.

Usually found in power plants. In some
instances, they have been seen drawing
power from the trolleys of electric trains.

Stores enormous amounts of electricity
within its body and explodes with the
slightest provocation. Extremely dangerous.

A Pokémon that is like the seeds of a plant.
If you find one and chase it, others will join
it without you noticing.

Each of the fruits is an independently-
thinking head. It is said that if one drops
off, it becomes an EXEGGCUTE.

Always wears the skull of its deceased
mother on its head and never shows its face.
It cries mournfully in the moonlight.

Originally a small and weak Pokémon, it became
rough and aggressive when it begin using
bones as weapons.

Repeatedly kicks its enemy with legs that
freely stretch and contract. Some people 
refer to it as the "kicking master."

Adept at punching invisibly quick at 
bullet-train speed. It takes a break every
three minutes as it moves around.

Its tongue, twice its body's length, moves
around freely to catch prey.
Its licks cause a tingling sensation.

A Pokémon that is a like a thin-skinned
balloon filled with a highly toxic gas.
Known to occasionally explode.

A twinned KOFFING that forms on rare
occasions where poisonous gases pool.
Its two toxic gases appear to be different.

Its bones are 1,000 times harder than human
bones. Using its durability and strength, it
can destroy tall buildings.

Protected by an armor-like hide, it can
survive in lava over 3,600 degrees.
Its horn can bore holes through boulders.

Lays very succulent eggs every day.
If it is treated with love and care, its eggs
appear to become even more delicious.

Its identity is obscured by countless blue
vines that are similar to seaweed.
Will become entangled with anything.

The female raises its young in its belly pouch
for around three years. The young is taken
out once it learns to find food.

Uses its tail to keep its balance while
spraying ink from its mouth. The ink appears
to be for shooting down bugs.

A clever Pokémon that can swim backwards
while facing forward. Fainting may result
from a jab of its sharp spikes.

Its beautiful tail fin billows and flutters
like an elegant dress.
Swims at a speed of five knots.

In the autumn, they travel up rivers to
spawn. In other seasons, they make and live
in their own nests.

It is capable of growing back any portion of
its body that is cut off. At night, the center
core glows with a red light.

When away from human eyes, its core is said
to glow mysteriously in seven colors. This
Pokémon may have come from outer space.

It is an expert at miming and loves to
perform. It is said to slap around anyone
who disturbs it with its broad hands.

Moves incredibly quickly and shreds its enemy
with its razor-sharp scythes.
On rare occasions, it flies with its wings.

Talks in a strange, incomprehensible
language. It is known for its weird wiggling
that causes people to dance.

Appear in power plants in search of
electricity. They are said to cause major
blackouts if they disappear.

With a body temperature of close to 2,200
degrees, its body is always burning with
orange flames. Lives near volcanoes.

Grips and tears at its enemy with the two
pincers on its head. Enemies with hard bodies
are gripped and tossed.

Charges while whipping its hefty body with
its tails. Although powerful, it can charge
only in a straight line.

Whoever its opponent, and however horrible
the attack it receives, all it does is SPLASH
around.

Extremely vicious and horribly brutal.
Has enough destructive power to totally
annihilate even a major city.

Capable of understanding the language of
humans, it enjoys ferrying people on its
back. It is on the verge of extinction.

Capable of reorganizing its cells to
transform into an exact duplicate of its
enemy. It is usually a shapeless blob.

Its genetic code is irregular. It evolves
into three kinds of Pokémon when exposed to
the radiation of elemental stones.

Found quietly resting by lake shores.
Its cell structure is similar to water, so it
can invisibly melt into water.

Its weapons are its 10,000-volt electric
attacks and its spiky fur. Its sharp hair
can pierce enemies when it bristles.

Its fiery breath reaches close to 3,000
degrees. Its body temperature exceeds
1,650 degrees when storing fire inside.

A man-made Pokémon that consists entirely
of programming code.
It is capable of moving freely in cyberspace.

A prehistoric and long-extinct Pokémon that
was resurrected from a fossil.
Swims by twisting its 10 tentacles about.

Attacks by ensnaring its enemy with its
tentacles and biting with sharp fangs.
Its overly-large shell makes it sluggish.

A Pokémon that was resurrected from a
fossil found in an ancient seabed.
Unable to right itself if it is flipped over.

Swims very quickly. It tears at its foe with
sickle-like forelegs and drains the foe's
body fluids entirely.

A Pokémon that was resurrected from the
genes of an ancient dinosaur.
With sharp fangs, it is very vicious.

A lazy Pokémon that gets continually fatter
by sticking to a cycle of eating and sleeping.
Awake only when it eats.

A legendary bird Pokémon with long and
distinctive tail feathers. Said to appear if
you are freezing on a snowy mountain.

A legendary bird Pokémon that appears with
a gigantic thunder storm. It flies with the
buzz and crack of electricity.

A legendary bird Pokémon known as the
"fire bird." Every time it flaps, its wings
flare and burn brightly.

Even the young are known to exceed 6' 6".
It is rare and was long considered to
exist only in myth.

Lives in large bodies of water like the sea
and lakes. It is said to have the power to
change the weather and fly.

Has intelligence on par with people.
This "sea guardian" is said to be capable of 
flying around the globe in about 16 hours.

A vicious psychic Pokémon created by
genetic engineering. Its cold, glowing eyes
strike fear into its enemy.

A mythical Pokémon of South America which
had been thought extinct. A growing number 
of people have seen it recently.

SUBSTITUTE POKé DOLL
